Update README to remove "next-generation" wording (#117)
LLNL/Umpire: README.md

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/LLNL/Umpire/branch/develop/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/LLNL/Umpire) [![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/LLNL/Umpire](https://badges.gitter.im/LLNL/Umpire.svg)](https://gitter.im/LLNL/Umpire?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

Umpire is a resource management library that allows the discovery, provision,

> and management of memory on machines with multi-level memory like NUMA and GPUs.

Reviewer: Multilevel makes me think of the memory hierarchy including registers, caches, and DRAM.  How about:

```suggestion
and management of memory on machines with multiple memory devices like NUMA and GPUs.
```
